itar bin he released a statement after
that decision was made apologies I just
have to interrupt you uh we're just
going to go to the Gaza uh this is a
member from the Gaza Health Ministry
giving us an update on the medical
situation the hospitals
there crimes we would like to point out
these figures the total number of
massacres perpetrated by the Israeli
occupation forces exceeded
[Music]
1,270 the total number of missing
3,7 50 missing persons including
1,800 children who are still buried
under the debris the total number of
those killed more than 12,000 including
5,000 children
3,300 women the total number of medical
Crews killed 200 doctors nurse and
paramedic 200 22 from the civil defense
teams in addition to 51 journalist and
media
Representatives more than
30,000 injuries 75% of them are women
and children the total number of
government premises totally destroyed
are
255 school buildings including 63 school
buildings that are totally out of
operations the total number of mosques
totally destroyed stand at 67 MOS
in addition to 165 mosques partially
damaged in addition to three
churches as the Israeli occupation
forces continue to
bompard hospitals and threaten medical
crws as a result of the Israeli War 25
hospitals are now together with 250
medical facilities are out of operation
5 55 ambulances were destroyed in their
war on hospitals the Israeli occupation
forces come out with false reports and
fabricated media reports alleging that
these medical facilities house weapons
or militants this is part of the Israeli
propaganda that has been propagating for
years these are false reports taken as a
pretext by the Israelis to justify their
war crimes and genoci war against
innocent civilians women and children
and against our civilian population as a
whole this is also an attempt to escape
any future
incrimination we reiterate that all the
fac hospitals and medical facilities
provide nothing but health care services
and the false allegation propagated by
the Israelis that these facilities are
housing
uh military infrastructure are false
reports groundless and baseless the
health Ministry in Gaza Strip have
always repeatedly demanded all the
international
organizations and all those concern to
form technical teams to carry out
inspection visits to all the medical
facilities in order to prove and refute
the false allegations raised by the
Israelis for years
we once again appeal to the
International Community and or World
organizations to exercise pressure to
have Alfa hospitals released from the
shackles of the Israeli occupation
forces and to cause the tanks soldiers
to leave the compound with the fuel
supplies be delivered immediately so
that these facilities and medical Crews
be able to stand back on their feet
resume their professional humanitarian
duties and we hold the Israeli
occupation forces the US Administration
and the US president in person together
with the International Community as
liable for the safety and the well-being
of our medical Crews patients and
victims and also innocent civilians
inside alifa Hospital once again we
demand that Raa crossing point be open
for the immediate and Swift and
uninterrupted Ed delivery of relief Aid
fuel Food Supplies and medical
supplies the Israeli occupation forces
would like to torpedo the entire Health
sector in Gaza and to deprive more than
2 million people inside Gaza from their
basic necessities let alone the medical
supplies needed in order to achieve
their goal to forcibly transfer the
entire population into Sinai of Egypt
the Israeli occupation forces continue
with their crimes cutting off all
Communications and internet with the
whole world standing and watching in
silence we once again warn of the Grave
repercussions subsequent to the cutting
off of communications from Gaza Strip
this means that the crimes committed by
the Israelis will be concealed the
crimes committed by the Israelis around
the clock against hospitals residential
areas and against the entire population
2.4 millions of the Gin these crimes
will not be exposed our people inside
Gaza are no longer able to communicate
with the ambulance paramedics or civil
defense team
as mosques were targeted in addition to
other residential areas in jabalia Raa
more than 270 Palestinians were
killed as a result of the failure to
establish communication and to transform
them into hospitals this is
unprecedented in history and utter
violation of the international law and
all conventions relating to war a
statement by the government office of
Gaza
Strip okay that was a spokesman for from
them